Cite a new paper on MIS-C (#885)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/07.pathogenesis.md

MIS-C has been associated with heart failure in some cases [@doi:10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.120.048360].
One case study [@doi:10/gg4sd6] described an adult who appeared to show symptoms similar to MIS-C after exposure to COVID-19, but cautioned against broad conclusions; a second possible adult case has also been reported [@doi:10.1016/j.ajem.2020.06.053].
The presentation of SARS-CoV-2 infection is therefore likely to be largely distinct between adult and pediatric populations.
However, not all cases of severe COVID-19 in children are characterizable as MIS-C.

> [@doi:10.1001/jama.2021.2091] describe demographic and clinical variables associated with MIS-C in comparison with non-MIS-C severe acute COVID-19 in young people in the United States.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recent study [@doi:10.1001/jama.2021.2091] described demographic and clinical variables associated with MIS-C in comparison with non-MIS-C severe acute COVID-19 in young people in the United States.
```
